feat!: use harcoded global min gas price check in ProcessProposal (#2985)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: specs/src/specs/resource_pricing.md

## Fee market

> By default, Celestia's consensus nodes prioritize transactions in their mempools
> based on fees. In v1, there was no minimum fee enforced, allowing each 

Reviewer: [not blocking] gas price seems more accurate. Tx A can have more fees than Tx B but whichever tx has a higher gas price will be prioritized higher.

```suggestion
By default, Celestia's consensus nodes prioritize transactions in their mempools
based on gas price. In v1, there was no minimum gas price enforced, allowing each 
```

> based on fees. Previously, there was no minimum fee enforced, allowing each 

Author: done!

> consensus node to independently set its own minimum gas fee in `app.toml`, even 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consensus node to independently set its own minimum gas price in `app.toml`, even 
```

> allowing for a fee of 0, creating the possibility of secondary markets. In v2, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowing for a gas price of 0, creating the possibility of secondary markets. In v2, 
```

Celestia introduces a global minimum gas price, a consensus constant, unaffected
by individual node configurations. Although nodes retain the freedom to increase

> gas prices locally, transactions that do not meet the global minimum threshold

Reviewer 2: more importantly a transaction below the minimum will lead to the entire block being rejected as invalid

Author: updated

> by individual node configurations. Although nodes retain the freedom to increase
> gas prices locally, transactions that do not meet the global minimum threshold
> will lead to the entire block being rejected as invalid.

Reviewer: [nit] 

```suggestion
by individual node configurations. Although nodes retain the freedom to increase
gas prices locally, all transactions in a block must be greater than or equal to the 
global minimum threshold. If a block is proposed that contains a tx with a gas price
below the global min gas price, the block will be rejected rejected as invalid.
```
